h2. Loom

This plugin provides exception reporting for "Loom":http://loomapp.com.

h2. Usage

You must sign up to Loom to use this plugin.

Add this to a controller in your application:

<pre><code>
  enable_loom :email => 'alex@helicoid.net',
              :password => 'test',
              :url => 'http://helicoid.localhost:3000',
              :project_id => 18,
              :user_id => Proc.new { self.session[:user_id] },
              :before_action => :try_to_load_account,
              :display => :error_page
</code></pre>

# Add a user account to Loom to use for exception reporting
# Then set the project ID you'd like to send reports to
# Finally, set the URL of your Loom account (loom uses subdomains for accounts)

The <code>user_id</code> parameter can be used to represent your application's user.  We sometimes use this to record the email address of the customer who encountered an exception to provide them with support.

The <code>display</code> parameter references a controller action.  It will be rendered after the exception has been handled.

Similarly, <code>before_action</code> is an action that will be run before rendering the display action.  This can be used to check a visitor is logged in to display either an internal application or public template.

h2. Todo

* We need to correctly handle Loom being down or errors reporting to Loom
* Error reporting API for easy reporting outside controllers

h2. Credits

* Created by Alex Young for Helicoid Limited (helicoid.net)
* Advice and additional development by Gabriel Gironda (annealer.org)

Copyright (c) 2008-2009 Helicoid Limited, released under the MIT license
